DOC Document controller method signatures (#102)
silverstripe/developer-docs: en/04_Changelogs/5.0.0.md

  - The `Library::DEFAULT_RESOURCES_DIR` const in `silverstripe/vendor-plugin` has been changed to match.
  - This can still be customised using `extra.resources-dir` in your composer.json file ([see relevant docs](/developer_guides/templates/requirements/#configuring-your-project-exposed-folders))
  - If your composer.json file has its `extra.resources-dir` key set to `_resources`, you can remove that now.

>   - If your composer.json file alrCMSBatchActionHandler.phpeady does not have an `extra.resources-dir` key and you want to keep your resources in the `resources` directory, you can set `extra.resources-dir` to "resources".

Reviewer: ```suggestion
  - If your composer.json file already does not have an `extra.resources-dir` key and you want to keep your resources in the `resources` directory, you can set `extra.resources-dir` to "resources".
```
lol

Author: Updated

  - `SilverStripe\CMS\Controllers\SilverStripeNavigatorItem_ArchiveLink` is now in silverstripe/versioned as `SilverStripe\VersionedAdmin\Navigator\SilverStripeNavigatorItem_ArchiveLink`
  - `SilverStripe\CMS\Controllers\SilverStripeNavigatorItem_LiveLink` is now in silverstripe/versioned as `SilverStripe\VersionedAdmin\Navigator\SilverStripeNavigatorItem_LiveLink`
  - `SilverStripe\CMS\Controllers\SilverStripeNavigatorItem_StageLink` is now in silverstripe/versioned as `SilverStripe\VersionedAdmin\Navigator\SilverStripeNavigatorItem_StageLink`

> - Various internal controller methods have been updated to now consistently return an `SilverStripe\Control\HTTPResponse` object, rather than an undeclared `mixed` return type.
>   - These updates do not affect custom controller action methods which can still have an undeclared mixed return type.
>   - The following classes and methods now return a `SilverStripe\Control\HTTPResponse` and will need to be updated if they have been subclassed and overloaded in custom code

Reviewer: The way this is worded it kinda seems like these two are the _only_ ones being changed (I'm not sure how much this suggestion improves that though)
```suggestion
- Various internal controller methods have been updated to now consistently return an `SilverStripe\Control\HTTPResponse` object, rather than an undeclared `mixed` return type. These updates do not affect custom controller action methods which can still have an undeclared mixed return type.
  - In particular, the following will need to be updated if they have been subclassed and overloaded in custom code:
```

Author: Updated
